wundabar and in their arms up like this
happy families please look into the
camera please just been through a lot
lately
my dad passed away eight months ago so
we came here
it still here's a hill you lose a parent
and the ticking gets louder every day is
all we have yep
maybe we ski the Beast after lunch I
don't think it would be that challenging
it'll be fine
is that okay yeah it's fine
it looked like it was gonna kill us for
a moment
the kids were screaming because it felt
like we were gonna die hate and I look
over Pete and he had grabbed his phone
Pete left us life I didn't leave you to
be buried I ran to get help
yes I love my family every day how can I
run away it's kyboots what can you run a
ski boots
not very well exactly regardless I
wouldn't leave my family to die that's
boom beautiful right to be angry it's
black and white
no it's black and white how old are you
oh there's only one thing I have to
worry about right now and that's going
down
I don't understand why there weren't any
warnings posted anywhere there was why
why posted eye lifts colors hotel
receptions restaurants shops Boras
solution sites we didn't see any of that
well
[Music]
you